One of the things that I felt, a caution I want to per se talk about, was this thing going down in Cuba.
The Lord said, "Go back to the 1960s," during that timeframe when Kennedy was president.
Old ties were being reunited.
And I told you all to watch Cuba.
I told you all there are alliances there going to become even stronger with Putin, Cuba, and the Havana area.
I see Cuba again.
I see stationed in Cuba secret things in Cuba with Russia.
Putin—I told you all for the last four years he has been busy with secret meetings, secret things taking place, and making alliances.
I hear "Cuban Missile Crisis.
" Old alliances, old things, devising coalitions.
The Lord said, "Watch Cuba.
Remember the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Watch Russia in Cuba.
" Remember this: behind closed doors, there are things that you do not know.
A Red Dawn experience is coming—the enemy within, a Trojan horse.
Many think this is terrorist-related, but it is not.
It is an act of war within.
They have infiltrated over the last four years of our last administration.
Thank you, Joe Biden.
They are here and you'll remember this in the days ahead.
I've never been to Cuba, but I could see the electricity grid was not very good.
I could see there weren't a lot of lights on, but across the ocean it looked completely black outside and people were moving at night.
I saw a biological.
It was a clear container that had metal ends and it had some kind of pathogen in it that was from Russia.
Oh, God help me.
And it was being smuggled into America.
This pathogen, it was a container that was about this big and glass-looking.
And the Lord said, "Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba.
They're in your backyard.
" And I saw darkness on Cuba.
Darkness, like a complete grid down.
And this was on purpose and in retaliation.
There are things there that are not being said because they're making ties with Russia, and because of these ties with Russia, certain entities are trying to influence—they see it.
They know it's coming.
They know what they're doing and there's darkness coming on Cuba.
I saw darkness on it and I don't know why—some kind of cyber attack, I don't know—but I saw darkness and I've told you that.
And the mules left during the darkness.
The mules left trying to be in the cover of night.
There's more to this.
In the middle of the night, I see Cuba.
Watch Cuba.
They're being promised things.
The mules.
Oh, there's great darkness there for strategic allies concerning Putin.
And this is concerning a darkness upon Cuba.
I see problems with the infrastructure and the electric grid by design.
Cyberattacks because they're getting out of line.
Cracking of a whip.
But the traffickers and the MS-13—there's gang lords.
I see these gang lords in this.
And there's Santeria.
There's great witchcraft wrapped into this.
I see it with the candles, with great gang lords and drug smugglers.
They're using them.
That's dark.
Cuba.
This is a demonic religion there.
It's a stronghold there.
But God wants to bring a great river of His presence there and bring revival all over Cuba and spread.
Remember the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Don't forget the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Trump, Russia, old alliances, old friendships.
I see a darkness on Cuba.
It's dated already, so it's not hard for the infrastructure of their grid; it's old things.
I see an extension cord again from Russia to Cuba.
And it's under the water.
This is symbolic.
It's under the water.
It's a black cord.
It looks like an internet cord going from Cuba to Russia—a secret cord deep in the water.
The woman in Mexico.
There's so much corruption in so many governments all around.
This is very much how you got in power in the first place.
But there are keys to her, to Venezuela, and it goes from Venezuela to her to Cuba, and they traffic the people through these tunnels and the drugs come up through their tunnels.
Great corruption in the Hispanic government is Claudia.
Remember this though: Venezuela will be like an Iraq if it keeps going this way.
I'm going to Venezuela and I see Venezuela being promised things.
Now I'm in Cuba and I see Cuba being promised things and I see alliances of Cuba, Venezuela, and the countries that have been like outcasts.
That's very much like Cuba lining up with Russia, coming underneath those trying to bring them out of that.
But it would be a base clear down there so strong, being so close to America.
That's very dangerous.
Promising them a position in the BRICS.
"If you help us over here, we're leading with China and Venezuela and all these other dark countries.
Hey, you've been picked on by the West.
You've had all these tariffs and sanctions and all this stuff put on you that you can't maneuver freely with your economy.
Cuba, if you join up with us and help us with this, we will bring you out of the Western boot.
" Bringing them into a new era of financing, trying to position them, telling them everything's going to be okay if you join them up with the BRICS.
I see submarines going to Cuba.
I see it like whenever it's bobbing up out of the water—you know, I see that part and it's up out of the water and it's headed towards Cuba and it's on the East Coast.
It's a Russian submarine.
I don't know how big these get, but it's a big, long submarine.
I saw the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Lord said, "Pay attention to Cuba.
" And I could see Cuba again.
And I could see missiles and I could see things pointed at the United States of America.
And the Lord showed me Kennedy with Donald Trump.
And the Lord said, "The Kennedy curse.
" And the Lord used the words, "Cold War will become even colder.
A Cold War will become even colder.
" I will say the word Red Dawn.
You need to know this is bigger.
And you need to watch Cuba.
You need to pray over Cuba.
You need to pray over our government.
Our last administration that was over this country was a very corrupt and evil administration and they allowed things that should never have happened and were criminal.
We have an enemy within.
Over the past four years, there have been some very evil people cross that border and it's worse than what you realize.
And I saw an enemy within America, a Red Dawn.
That's where I first heard the Red Dawn experience: that there were strategic cells in America that would rise up and try to cause havoc.
And that's why I called it a Red Dawn.
A Red Dawn experience.
There's red, like something very serious.
And I saw Cuba and I saw Cuba involved in this.
And there was a tie of the Cold War alliances, a KGB spirit that was over Russia, that was over Putin, and that it would rise up in the days ahead.
I saw a purple dragon coming up out of the Atlantic Ocean.
It was purple—a light purple like a lavender.
And the fins—there were lines like this that were a dark purple, like a royal purple.
And he had a white mouth with dark purple around his eyes and a red tongue.
It was a long serpent coming up out of the ocean.
It looked like one of those old Chinese-looking dragons, but it was purple—all kinds of different shades of purple—with a white mouth and white around, and his eyes were white with green.
That's what I saw.
He came up, and when he came up, it looked like part of his tail was still in the water.
He went up and down like an "M", following him like this for mules with the cartel.
Watch the cartel.
We're talking big money being transferred right here.
I see it.
Pray for the border control.
Pray for them to find these tunnels, for there are many more of these tunnels.
There are tunnels all throughout the border of this distress from Texas all the way to California.
There are tunnels.
Many more.
Watch Cuba.
I'm watching Cuba and it's highlighted again.
I saw Cuba and it was highlighted, and the water around it was crystal clear blue.
Then it had a line and Cuba started to glow and become alive.
I saw a spring of growth coming up out of Cuba with leaves coming onto it and it was growing.
There was an extension, and I could see it had a line going from Cuba—like you would see an internet cord coming out of Cuba into Russia—making Cuba alive.
It started to glow around the border with an electric light.
When you see the sun shining through the clouds and the clouds glowing with light around them as it bleeds through the edges, that's the way Cuba looked.
But as it started to glow on the outskirts of the island, a new fountain of growth came up out of the middle of it as an extension cord was extended to them.
If it works this way, it will work with everything else.
You have some very smart people with very evil minds.
This is not terrorism; watch Cuba.
Watch the mules and the people.
Remember the Kennedy curse they try to bring on Trump.
Remember old alliances from the 1960s during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Watch Cuba in the days ahead.
I see chatter on the phone between Russia and Cuba.
It's like underground chatter.
This is them providing the extension to Cuba with that growth coming up out of the land for financial freedom from America to get out from underneath the Western boot.
They're still devising a plan, but this is secretive.
They even have some underground facility there on that island that goes clear back to the Cuban Missile Crisis.
They have underground bunkers underneath the island of Cuba.
It's close now, near the water's edge.
I see an underground silo in Cuba.
They have things in here that are bad.
I see the hazard symbol again; it looks like a device with a yellow hazard symbol on the side of it.
Do you remember what I told you about the purple dragon coming up three times out of the water by Cuba?
Again, I see the hazard symbol—the yellow with the black design on it.
That's what I'm seeing on the side of a device in an underground bunker, and it came from Russia.
They got it from Russia for trade for something.
They're doing something, but it's underground in a cave on the island, and it has little wires and a little red antenna on it.
They only have one of them.
That's all they need is one.
They just want you to store it there.
I see these islands, but this is like the mainland and they're all highlighted with red.
This concerns Cuba.
I see those islands and they're red, and it's about England.
But I'm seeing Russia is involved in this in retaliation.
There's a device that they're putting in storage in Cuba.
Why do they want to store it in Cuba?
It makes you purple.
I just saw it; I had a flash of it and it looked purple.
It makes them purple when they die.
It's like the girl in Willy Wonka who turned her face blue because she ate the blueberry, Violet.
That's basically what I'm seeing: these people are dead and it's making them purple.
I saw attacks coming against America.
I saw old Cuban alliances trying to bring back old ties, trying to bring forth a third world war greater than what we've ever seen before with conventional weapons beyond what they ever had in World War II and World War I.
Missiles that will destroy mass amounts of people.
Not just like HIMARS, we're talking bombs that are crazy compared to what they had in World War II.
Our technology now is scary with biological weapons and all the stuff we have.
And when they try to do all this, it will be very, very ugly.